hello this is chef john from food wishes
comm with spaghetti carbonara which is I
think gonna be a lot different than you
imagine first of all there's no cream in
it I think that's a later day invention
but really this could be called
spaghetti with bacon and egg sauce
because that's basically what it is so
I'm going to slowly cook some bacon in a
little bit of olive oil on medium-low
heat
traditionally which uses somebody called
guanciale which is a cured pork cheek
bacon type product or you can use
pancetta
those aren't smoked I actually prefer
the unsmoked flavor of the pancetta so
if you can find pancetta or guanciale
use that alright so we're gonna cook
that until not quite crisp we want it
cooked but not browned and crispy we're
also going to add a healthy dose of
black pepper by the way that's where the
name comes from you can read about that
in the post all right so while the
Bacon's cooking I'm going to take two
eggs some more black pepper
did I mention that's an important
ingredient some fresh Parmesan or
pecorino romano cheese or a combination
of both
I think 5050 is perfect so we're going
to put our grated cheese in there whisk
that up and set that aside alright our
bacon is cooked or hopefully in your
case guanciale or pancetta when it looks
like that we're going to turn that down
to low as it goes and we're going to put
on our pasta to boil now the pasta water
is an important aspect of this sauce so
we're going to use that water as the
pasta cooks to finish this sauce so what
you want to do and by the way I'm making
this for two people so I have about six
ounces of raw pasta in there so I'm
going to take about a cup of that pasta
water and add it to my pan okay and
again that's just on as low a heat as it
goes once the pasta is cooked I'm going
to drain it and toss it with that black
pepper bacon mixture by the way if
you're wondering why that looks kind of
dark I'm using a whole-grain brilla
plus pasta which I love once that's
mixed drizzle in your egg cheese mixture
so you're going to stir in the egg it's
going to hit that hot pasta and it's
going to form a really creamy rich but
not cream-based sauce alright as soon as
that's combined like that turn off the
heat throw in your cheese I'm using half
pecorino romano
half Reggiano parmesan mix it around and
you're ready to eat so anyway that's my
version of authentic spaghetti carbonara
like I said smoked bacon not the best
choice it works in a pinch but try to
find some pancetta and I think you're
going to like this even more without
that smoky flavor it can be a little
overpowering and if you want to serve of
course a little more black pepper and a
little grated cheese and by the way the
name carbonara or at least the story I
believe the name comes from all those
little specks of black pepper look like
carbon and since this used to be served
to coal miners it all makes sense
kind of a double entendre which is not
telling it's French okay now I'm just
confusing myself anyway all the
ingredients are on the site if you want
to give that a try and as always enjoy